-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fractal Wizard is a free fractal renderer for Linux and other Unix-like
operating systems. It is a port of an earlier Fractal Wizard that was written
for MacOS (this is still evident in some of the help files, which have not
yet been updated for the Linux port!).
Fractal Wizard delegates the work of computing fractal images to plug-in
modules, which are dynamically linked C++ classes. There is no real
documentation about plug-in writing yet, but in the meantime, Plugin.h,
MarianiSilver.h, and plugins/*.cc should provide a starting point. Plugin is
the base class for all plug-ins, and provides some common functionality for
them, including cooperative multitasking and communication with the main
program; MarianiSilver extends Plugin to provide an efficient algorithm for
fractals that are computed pixel-by-pixel (it looks for rectangles that are
all one color; this is a big plus for the interior of the Mandelbrot set, for
example).

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Building it from source:

Different operating systems require different compiler and linker flags. One
day I would like to use autoconf or something similar to make it easier to
provide a Fractal Wizard source package that builds easily on all sorts of
different flavors of Unix; until then, here are a few hints that may help in
case simply saying 'make' doesn't to the job for you.

One known source of confusion is the LOADLIBES line in the Makefile. Depending
on your system's specifics, you may have to list more libraries there than I
have in my Makefile. Apparently, different linkers have different abilities to
automatically include required libs: on my system, -lXm (Motif) automatically
includes -lXp -lXmu -lXt -lX11, but on others, some or all of these may have
to be specified explicitly. Additional libraries may also be needed.

I developed Fractal Wizard under Red Hat 7.1, Red Hat 7.3, and Fedora Core 3;
it compiles and links as is on those systems.
Other systems may require additional libraries to be specified in Makefile
and/or plugins/Makefile, e.g.:

LOADLIBES = -lXm -lXp -lXt -lX11 -lXmu -lXpm -ldl -ljpeg -lpng -lz

I have built early versions of Fractal Wizard on Solaris as well (using g++);
this requires some changes to CXXFLAGS and LDFLAGS to get the shared libraries
to build, and to get the fw executable to export its symbols. Unfortunately, I
do not have access to a Solaris box at the moment, and I do not have those old
versions of my Makefiles any more -- all I can offer is words of encouragement:
yes, it IS possible to build Fractal Wizard on Solaris. :-)

I have never built anything using shared libs on other flavors of Unix, so I
can't even begin to offer advice about those. If you are having problems, with
the plugins in particular, please try using Makefile.staticplugins and
plugins/Makefile.staticplugins instead of the regular Makefiles; these will
link the plug-ins statically into the executable.
